TODO.md, before:

# Implementation Checklist

## Backend Setup
- [x] Initialize NestJS project
- [x] Configure Prisma with PostgreSQL
- [x] Set up environment configuration
- [x] Implement JWT authentication
- [x] Set up Swagger documentation
- [x] Configure CORS and security middleware

## Database Schema
- [x] User model with authentication fields
- [x] Role model with permissions
- [x] Menu model with hierarchy
- [x] Office model with relationships
- [x] Create initial migrations
- [x] Set up seed data

## Backend Features
### User Management
- [x] User CRUD endpoints
- [x] User authentication endpoints
- [x] User profile management
- [x] User filtering and search
- [x] User pagination
- [x] User status management

### Role Management
- [x] Role CRUD endpoints
- [x] Permission management
- [x] Role-based access control
- [x] Role filtering and search
- [x] Role pagination
- [x] Default permissions implementation
  - [x] Backend endpoint for default permissions
  - [x] Frontend handling of default permissions
  - [x] UI for disabled default permissions
  - [x] Validation to prevent removal of default permissions

### Menu Management
- [x] Menu CRUD endpoints
- [x] Menu hierarchy management
- [x] Menu access control
- [x] Menu filtering and search
- [x] Menu pagination

### Office Management
- [x] Office CRUD endpoints
- [x] Office hierarchy management
- [x] Office filtering and search
- [x] Office pagination

## Frontend Setup
- [x] Initialize React + Vite project
- [x] Configure TypeScript
- [x] Set up Tailwind CSS
- [x] Install and configure shadcn/ui
- [x] Set up React Router
- [x] Configure React Query
- [x] Set up environment variables

## Frontend Features
### Layout & Navigation
- [x] Admin layout with sidebar
- [x] Responsive design
- [x] Navigation menu
- [x] Breadcrumbs
- [x] Page headers

### Common Components
- [x] DataTable component
- [x] FilterDrawer component
- [x] FormDialog component
- [x] ConfirmDialog component
  - [x] Toast notifications
  - [x] Loading states
  - [x] Error boundaries

### User Management
  - [x] User list page
  - [x] User create/edit form
- [x] User filtering and search
- [x] User pagination
- [x] User status management
  - [x] User profile page

### Role Management
  - [x] Role list page
  - [x] Role create/edit form
- [x] Permission management UI
- [x] Role filtering and search
- [x] Role pagination

### Menu Management
  - [x] Menu list page
  - [x] Menu create/edit form
- [x] Menu hierarchy UI
- [x] Menu filtering and search
- [x] Menu pagination

### Office Management
  - [x] Office list page
  - [x] Office create/edit form
- [x] Office hierarchy UI
- [x] Office filtering and search
- [x] Office pagination

## Testing
- [ ] Backend unit tests
- [ ] Backend integration tests
- [ ] Frontend component tests
- [ ] E2E tests
- [ ] API tests

## Documentation
- [x] API documentation with Swagger
- [x] Component documentation
- [x] Setup instructions
- [x] Development guidelines
- [x] Environment variables documentation

## Deployment
- [ ] Backend deployment configuration
- [ ] Frontend deployment configuration
- [ ] Database migration strategy
- [ ] Environment configuration
- [ ] CI/CD setup

## Security
- [x] JWT authentication
- [x] Role-based authorization
- [x] Input validation
- [x] CORS configuration
- [x] Security headers
- [x] Error handling

## Performance
- [x] Database query optimization
- [x] Frontend code splitting
- [x] Caching strategy
- [x] Bundle optimization
- [x] Loading states
- [x] Error boundaries

Commit message:

update and implement searchable component

TODO.md, after:

# Implementation Checklist

## Backend Setup
- [x] Initialize NestJS project
- [x] Configure Prisma with PostgreSQL
- [x] Set up environment configuration
- [x] Implement JWT authentication
- [x] Set up Swagger documentation
- [x] Configure CORS and security middleware

## Database Schema
- [x] User model with authentication fields
- [x] Role model with permissions
- [x] Menu model with hierarchy
- [x] Office model with relationships
- [x] Create initial migrations
- [x] Set up seed data

## Backend Features
### User Management
- [x] User CRUD endpoints
- [x] User authentication endpoints
- [x] User profile management
- [x] User filtering and search
- [x] User pagination
- [x] User status management

### Role Management
- [x] Role CRUD endpoints
- [x] Permission management
- [x] Role-based access control
- [x] Role filtering and search
- [x] Role pagination
- [x] Default permissions implementation
  - [x] Backend endpoint for default permissions
  - [x] Frontend handling of default permissions
  - [x] UI for disabled default permissions
  - [x] Validation to prevent removal of default permissions

### Menu Management
- [x] Menu CRUD endpoints
- [x] Menu hierarchy management
- [x] Menu access control
- [x] Menu filtering and search
- [x] Menu pagination

### Office Management
- [x] Office CRUD endpoints
- [x] Office hierarchy management
- [x] Office filtering and search
- [x] Office pagination

## Frontend Setup
- [x] Initialize React + Vite project
- [x] Configure TypeScript
- [x] Set up Tailwind CSS
- [x] Install and configure shadcn/ui
- [x] Set up React Router
- [x] Configure React Query
- [x] Set up environment variables

## Frontend Features
### Layout & Navigation
- [x] Admin layout with sidebar
- [x] Responsive design
- [x] Navigation menu
- [x] Breadcrumbs
- [x] Page headers

### Common Components
- [x] DataTable component
- [x] FilterDrawer component
- [x] FormDialog component
- [x] ConfirmDialog component
  - [x] Toast notifications
  - [x] Loading states
  - [x] Error boundaries
- [x] SearchableSelect component
  - [x] Integration with forms
  - [x] Integration with filter drawer
  - [x] Error handling and fallbacks
  - [x] Accessibility support

### User Management
  - [x] User list page
  - [x] User create/edit form
- [x] User filtering and search
- [x] User pagination
- [x] User status management
  - [x] User profile page

### Role Management
  - [x] Role list page
  - [x] Role create/edit form
- [x] Permission management UI
- [x] Role filtering and search
- [x] Role pagination

### Menu Management
  - [x] Menu list page
  - [x] Menu create/edit form
- [x] Menu hierarchy UI
- [x] Menu filtering and search
- [x] Menu pagination

### Office Management
  - [x] Office list page
  - [x] Office create/edit form
- [x] Office hierarchy UI
- [x] Office filtering and search
- [x] Office pagination

## Testing
- [ ] Backend unit tests
- [ ] Backend integration tests
- [ ] Frontend component tests
- [ ] E2E tests
- [ ] API tests

## Documentation
- [x] API documentation with Swagger
- [x] Component documentation
- [x] Setup instructions
- [x] Development guidelines
- [x] Environment variables documentation

## Deployment
- [ ] Backend deployment configuration
- [ ] Frontend deployment configuration
- [ ] Database migration strategy
- [ ] Environment configuration
- [ ] CI/CD setup

## Security
- [x] JWT authentication
- [x] Role-based authorization
- [x] Input validation
- [x] CORS configuration
- [x] Security headers
- [x] Error handling

## Performance
- [x] Database query optimization
- [x] Frontend code splitting
- [x] Caching strategy
- [x] Bundle optimization
- [x] Loading states
- [x] Error boundaries
